---
---

# Passionate about details, experiences, and code

## Then

I’ve been writing code since the early nineties, and first dipped my fingers
into the web back when user home pages still had tildes in their URLs. My early
career focused primarily on information security, performing application- and
network-security testing as well as white-box testing and secure
application/network design. Clients included multinational banks and the United
States military.

When not busy pen-testing, I scratched my itch to create software wherever
possible. While working at UKW (now UHY advisors) I was able to automate many
of our processes, writing a variety of intrusion-detection and
vulnerability-assessment tools, mostly in Perl and C. I also took a bit of time
each week to build a CGI application for tracking customers and
writing/editing/reviewing test reports online, also in Perl. Within a few
months, much of the written work output of our IT audit department was passing
through this system.

While I’ll always have the [security mindset][1], around 2004 my desire to
focus on great software pushed me more into development. At Securify (since
acquired by McAfee), I led a team tasked with monitoring software
vulnerabilities, analyzing their impact on our clients, and helping to mitigate
that impact. To that end, I built an internal web application (first in Perl,
migrating to Django 0.95 once it was released) that tracked those
vulnerabilities, applicable intrusion-detection signatures, and various
metadata. It included a set of automated web scrapers to populate the
vulnerability tables, a web interface for editing and adding notes, and methods
for exporting signatures consumable by Securify’s customer-facing product.

[1]: https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/03/the_security_mi_1.html


## Now

Once I’d had a taste of “modern” web development with Django, there was no
looking back. In 2007 I accepted a position at Etsy, where I helped to
architect and build a new Python application server, phasing out the original
PHP implementation while decreasing page-load times. I also served on a small
team responsible for creating the “Storque”—a CMS seamlessly integrated with
the rest of the marketplace. The Storque became an essential driver of traffic
and engagement… though it’s now just called the Etsy Blog.

In 2009, Etsy’s founder began a side project, intending to revolutionize online
education. He brought myself and a few other members of my team along to help,
and we spent just over a year prototyping and iterating a variety of real-time
components for a new web application. Sadly, Etsy started consuming its
founder’s time again, and this project was not released.

Since then, I’ve been freelancing; first independently, and now with my partner
as [Cabin][2]. The wonderful thing about freelancing is that I’ve been able to
use a wide variety of software on both the front and the back end. My stack of
choice has been Python (with Flask, py.test, Jinja, SQLAlchemy, and webassets)
on the back end. I try to stay on top of the state of art on the front end as
well, though that’s a much faster-moving target! Lately I’ve been relying
heavily on Angular and GreenSock for interactions, and SASS with Bourbon for
styles. AWS is my go-to for hosting, automated via Ansible.

Over the years I’ve become more and more focused on the front end. I suspect
this is partially due to browsers’ ever-increasing capabilities, and partially
to my passion for clean, responsive user interfaces supported by a
service-oriented architecture on the back end.

[2]: http://madebycabin.com/


## Why me?

Freelancing has been good to me, but I’m ready to join a team for the long
haul, pulling together toward a common goal. I love to create elegant solutions
to complex problems, and I understand that the perfect is the enemy of the
good. I care about details, and also about people; I love to help those around
me succeed. I accept criticism well. I’ve grown and changed with the web for
over 15 years, and am always on the hunt for a better way to do everything.


## Keywords

Front-end: JavaScript and the DOM, CoffeeScript, Angular, GreenSock, Backbone,
Underscore/Lo-Dash, jQuery, D3, SVG. SASS, Bourbon, Compass, Stylus, Nib,
eleventy-million grid frameworks.

Python: Flask, py.test, Jinja, SQLAlchemy, webassets, Django

Data: PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Redis, MySQL, MongoDB

Deployment: Ansible, Fabric, Grunt, Gulp, EC2, S3, Route 53, CloudFront, IAM

Dabbling in: React, Go, Haskell, Ruby & Rails, Dart
